---
title: blog 5
layout: post
author: meghashyam.pulicheri
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1DEgzWU2vsRoHzEofv_SshEvZuZ-OlgMXcX66KfJVZng
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>15/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get my pyglatin badge</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes

And here it
is



</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I just brushed up on my coding skills for Pyglatin making the pyglatin generator. AFter taking in the evaluation from last lesson I went home and did some research at home and even did some exercises for pyglatin I found it very beneficial and it helped me a lot.
This strategy I found quite effective and am willing to use it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I need to do more work in the lesson because most of it I did at home and sure it helped me but lessons are the main purpose for learning so I need to make better use of the lesson time and do more work in the actual lesson. This will make my workload easier and I will have more time to do my blogs. This is the only thing that I think I need to work on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will do more work in lessons, practise on my concentration skills and use my learning time wisely. These will guarantee success in my  future in codecademy. This week has been my most improved learning lesson in the whole of the year in I.T.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


