---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: meghashyam.pulicheri
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 146HISMr2iSutEyc96G9SYEhZXvfABGn8XspANtzdMWA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>15/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get my fourth badge.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I started the lesson off quite smoothly I had already completed the first exercise in minutes I was running through it. Then Python introduced me to a different type of string with different wording order and I found it difficult reading the instructions because of my incapability to comprehend it. I had to press the solution button quite a few times. But I think I got the hang of it in the end. Strategies I found useful were being concentrated and actually trying to complete the task without asking for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think there is nothing to help me comprehend the task, but I think you could go home after school and actually try to complete it at home. If you don't understand it you can look on youtube or google and try to find out how to complete it or just keep trying until you completely understand it. This strategy would be useful for me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like I said before, I will look on different websites to try find out more about my matter and actually try to complete it without asking for the solution and research more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


