---
title: BLog 7
layout: post
author: meghashyam.pulicheri
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 10VpKq8xH05NtB7TxL-WVEzsR7-UxPDWZKFKa9-uwJ7Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Blog 7</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>15/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get my 11th badge</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>
yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The task Mr Amapah Korsah set is to do 50% of your current progress added on I obtained the target and did a bit extra on the next exercise. The topic was battleships I found that quite diificult. I did not understand how to complete it fully. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I need to do more work in the lesson because most of it I did at home and sure it helped me but lessons are the main purpose for learning so I need to make better use of the lesson time and do more work in the actual lesson. This will make my workload easier and I will have more time to do my blogs. This is the only thing that I think I need to work on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will do more work in lessons, practise on my concentration skills and use my learning time wisely. These will guarantee success in my  future in codecademy. This week has been my most improved learning lesson in the whole of the year in I.T. The candidate the huntin the jdwu dwd udress was a cold storm and mr ampah korsah the it lesson was covered by mr parker  Also of him and h</td>
  </tr>
</table>


